Introduces secondary network configuration for OVNK in OCP docs (#56657)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/configuring-pods-static-ip.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/configuring-secondary-networks.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="configuring-pods-static-ip_{context}"]
= Configuring pods with a static IP address

The following example provisions a pod with a static IP address.

[NOTE]
====

> * You can only specify the IP address for a pod's secondary network attachment for a layer 2 or localnet attachment.

Reviewer: we've "hidden" `localnet` topology from the docs; this raises questions. I would also omit it here.

```suggestion
* You can only specify the IP address for a pod's secondary network attachment for layer 2 attachments.
```

* Specifying a static IP address for the pod is only possible when the attachment configuration does not feature subnets.
====

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  annotations:
    k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks: '[
      {
        "name": "l2-network", <1>
        "mac": "02:03:04:05:06:07", <2>

>         "interface": "myiface1",

Reviewer: shouldn't this one also have some added explanation ? 

I guess if not, we could just omit it from the example.

Author: Explanation added in next comment. Please check for accuracy. Thanks.

        "ips": [

>           "192.0.2.20/24"] <3>

Reviewer: would we want to close the array in a separate line ? (not sure how this is done on the rest of the docs)

      }
    ]'
  name: tinypod
  namespace: ns1
spec:
  containers:
  - args:
    - pause
    image: k8s.gcr.io/e2e-test-images/agnhost:2.36
    imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
    name: agnhost-container
----
<1> The name of the network. This attribute is not namespaced.
<2> The MAC address for the SR-IOV device that is allocated from the resource type defined in the SR-IOV network attachment definition CR.

> <3> Specify addresses for the SR-IOV device which is allocated from the resource type defined in the SR-IOV network attachment definition CR. Both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses are supported.

Reviewer: Why are we mentioning SR-IOV devices ?

Author: @maiqueb Apologies, I copied this over. There isn't a definition/explanation that I could find for either `interface` or `ips` in the current docs. Would you provide one, **or** check these? 

Mac: <2> The MAC address to be assigned for the interface.

Interface: <3> The name of the network interface to be created for the pod.

IPS: <4> The IP addresses to be assigned to the network interface

Reviewer: I think this description is accurate. 

Thank you.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/multiple_networks/configuring-additional-network.adoc

> :_content-type: CONCEPT

Reviewer 2: Also consider reference here
